The case is pretty clear here.
Ms. Yao Hong
Our client has no intention of making your scandal public
As long as you are willing to refund the money to us.
We can think about forgetting the past.
What is past?
I bore him a son
Even child support should be paid, right?
Little lady calm down
We admit this.
Wu Dawei, Liu Ying's husband, does need to pay child support
But the baby was only three months old
He transferred your 3 million six months ago
Are you pregnant with a child or a vampire beast?
Do you need to raise it like this?
Please note that the defendant cannot be personally attacked
Then I can only defend the rights of my client
Tang Lu didn't bother you, did he?
I'm in a hurry
I'm just listening
Why not?
You sign here, and then I'll hurry up and hand it over.
What are you doing?
Sign it now
It was me
Congratulations, you are about to become a senior partner
Your work permit
It takes a lot of time to make brand celebration uniforms
Sign it now
I can't sign this time.
Consider how you